First I have to install Ansible on the AC to where my Jenkins is running.
So this is the AC to where my Jenkins is running.
I'm going to click Connect.
And then connect again and they should open up the command window from the searching into the AC box.
Then I'm going to run sudo yum install ansible.
All right, Ansible is installed.
Now we have to get the Ansible plugin and set it up in our Jenkins.
So from the dashboard click manage Jenkins manage plugin and then under available search Ansible.
How we go select that and then install without restart.
All right.
And we'll plug in is installed.
Go back to the top of the page.
But to use Ansible, that's not enough.
You need to when you create a Ansible job, the Jenkins need to know where on the ESI toolbox where
the Jenkins is running, should it look to execute those symbols?
So to do that, click manage Jenkins again and then click Global Tool Configuration.
So click add ansible.
You can give the name Ansible.
And then here you have to give the path from the AC to where we just installed Ansible.
So going back to our sage instance and then run which ansible, it gives the path.
So you don't need to give the last ansible part.
So I can just copy, slash, user slash and slash and then go back to Jenkins and then paste it here.
Okay, that's it.
Click Save.
All right, so now the setup is complete.
Now we are going to go create a new job.